[Music]
Lies and more lies.  Well,
you sent me this tweet, but I
had, I mean, you sent me these
screenshots of Miare, but I really
have to defend myself on this one, I have to
be a bit of a team Miar, okay?  Because?
Because I think, look, you're going to eat me up
maybe, huh?  Correct me right now,
those of you who are here, okay?  That is, he says,
"In 2017, they accuse
my dog ​​Argos of having his tail between his
legs."  She responds by saying
that's her natural position, okay?  her
in 2025, look how bad, look how bad
Dallas, something has its tail between its
legs and on top of that the sick people are
applauding, really, you don't know
shame.  Okay, of course, this is because
they found this tweet from Miare in
which she's saying that because they're
saying to her, "Hey, your dog
has its tail between its legs, right? The
tail, how do greyhounds put it?"  And she
says, "It's the natural position of a
greyhound's tail."  That's it, seriously.  Don't
try to take things out of context before doing
your research.  And yet, Argos is a
greyhound that raises his tail a lot, as is
typical for the breed, and gives thanks.  Okay,
this would disprove the current nonsense
that when the dog sees Dala he
tucked his tail into his legs,
right?  But that's what Miare really said
because it doesn't sound familiar to me,
personally I don't remember what
Miare said, I remember what the
clowns who defend her said, but not her.
Back to the beginning, no, no, no, don't
tell your mommy, please.  No, no,
seriously, she didn't say that.  No, she
can't say that.  She knows that
greyhounds have reasons, but also
because we have already talked about the
tail issue on many occasions.  Miare
said it in his video.  No, no, no.  Yes, she is
in the video.  How are you going to say it about her
in the video?  But in the video that
I'm not authorized to see, it says so.
Look, man, I know about the greyhound tails issue
because of this
controversy, because of this nonsense these people have mentioned,
because they've already mentioned the subject on
many occasions.  Let's see, wait, what
minute?  At what minute?  Okay,
I'm not authorized to watch it and this video is
42 minutes long.
When I gathered my strength and gave a
louder cry, I cried out
Argos.  Cheers to everyone.
3357. It's true, it's true.  He focuses on her
tail as if to say, "Look, look how she has it
stuck."  Still it's true, he doesn't say it.   He
doesn't say it, but he focuses on her.  Of course, he doesn't
say it because he already knows that we've
talked about the queue many times.
Of course, of course, he doesn't say it, but he grabs
and focuses on the tail.  It's true, they
papped you, Javi.  Well, look, for
once I was going to give him a helping hand, right?
Well, I'm not part of the team anymore.
This one seems
good to me, huh?  That is, they haven't come out
to say anything about this today.  No, he has that video and
Dallas doesn't, because if he has it, he also has
that video.  What happens is that this trial is
a nullified trial.  That trial does not exist.
352. The animal.  Yes, he says so.  Yes, he says so.
The animal is motionless with its tail
increasingly tucked between its legs.  This has
stopped being Yes, he says so.  Yes, he says so.   He
writes it with the text on the screen.  The
animal is motionless with its tail
increasingly tucked between its legs.  This
stopped being pleasant a long time ago.
Yes, she says it, but she knows
this perfectly well.  Yes, it says so.  Well,
look, huh.  Well, look, I was thinking
when I saw this, I say, "But
she, she, why were people
tagging me, sending me this
same screenshot, people kept sending it to
me until late."  And I said, "
We've talked about this many times."
I mean, she, of course, I was convinced, I was
totally convinced that she had
never said that.  I mean, of course, but
that's not what she's saying, it's what the people
who defend her are saying, like look, look at the
reunion, look at the reunion, the
tail, I don't know what, I don't know
how much.  Ah, look at his cabbage.  Ah, no, man,
of course, but if you look at me, I
'm a Lego animal expert, obviously,
I know about the tail thing, mm, I
know about the tail thing because of this issue,
because of this, because of this controversy.  That's why you don't
have to defend the enemy, right?  But
well, we tried, right?, to be
a little objective.  No, yes, let's see,
of course.  Well, that's it, guys. I'm
going to go record a little video
for the main character, okay?  Dallas has some
very questionable things going on, but Team
Miare even lies to each other.  Yes,
let's see, the issue is the issue, you know
what the problem is for me, for
example, with these spaces, right?  Uh, oh, we
forgot, man, that this goes in
this extract, that we started the
extract relating it to Alan,
okay?  And this is inside, which is what
Dallas said, who was here on
the live show, uh, when we were
entering Space, who came in by
chance.  I hadn't spoken
to him at all today.  That's the issue
of these space people trying to
weigh up who is better or
who is worse.  Let's look at the fact that
one, that is, who has done more
bad things and more good things.  Let's see the
fact.  What does that mean, the fact that
one wins the scale because one has more
presence?  Let's see, you're going to
find out more bad things about the one who has more
media coverage, the one who has more relevance,
the one who has more presence, the one who has
more things discussed every day
simply based on statistics, okay?  But
anyway, I mean, if one of the
two has more bad things than the
other, does that mean that
everything the other has done is erased?  No, it's not about
who has more than the other,
who has less, it's about each
issue.  You take Dallas, for example, in
his fight
with Dallas in his fight with Marifer
Centeno.  Marifer Centeno is respected on this channel
, outside of Dallas, well,
outside of that.  In
Dallas's fight with Marifer Centeno, well, I
think Dallas is right that
graphology doesn't exist, but I didn't
like the way Dallas
sent an email to Marifer, our
Marifer, okay?  However, I consider
the graphology thing to be a joke,
okay?  Hey, Dallas, on the subject
against Ret, well, I think that everything
Dallas said about Raet
is true.  Because?  Because I
faced them both here live and
the other just wanted to stutter,
contradict himself and invent a bunch of
nonsense that was impossible.  M Dallas
arguing with mm tell me a topic, I
mean, the topic is not eh the problem
these people have is that they
consider themselves to be on one side or the
other.  You can be on one side or
the other.  It's more than obvious to me that I
get along better with some people than with
others, okay?  The problem is that they
confuse it and say, "We are on
this side."  Because?  Because the lady is
speaking to us at MD.  Javi didn't want to talk to me
on DM and I got kicked out of the room, and Dallas did
n't want to be my friend.  So,
since this lady is the one who noticed us
, we're on this side, and so
everything that comes out of Dallas, we
have to oppose them.  If
Dallas makes a Mr. Doctor video, we'll
watch Mr. Doctor.  If Dallas
fights with Ricky Eddy, we'll fight with
Ricky Eddy.  If Dallas fights with Juan
Guarnison, we'll go with Juan Guarnis.
That doesn't make sense to us because we
criticized this in Dallas and now we have to
defend it from Ricky Edy.  Well, we
defend him from Ricky Eddy, it doesn't matter, you
understand?  And the problem isn't whether I'm
on this side or the other, the
problem is that you have to evaluate each
thing, each issue.  I mean, for example, when it comes to
things that Dallas and Miares argue about,
there will be something in which they
agree with Miare, like for example this
or like for example that other thing, right?  But
well, you have to evaluate each thing
and then it may seem very bad to you,
Dallas may seem very bad to you and oh,
how bad it is and oh, how ugly what he did in
Pambi was and oh, how bad that other thing was, but
in a matter that is already chewed over, that has already
been through the courts, that has already been
proven a thousand times who was behind
this, who was behind that,
I mean, you have the series of videos from
2019, so that's it.  Don't try to
spin something that was already
discussed in 2019 and that is already sanctioned
and chewed over, and that everyone who
was following that lore knows.  Cis,
I wouldn't care what Ingrid said,
whether she wanted to say it or not, because I
have the same opinion as she does about all of
them.  So, in that sense, in
fact, I think Ingrid came out in public
and said the opposite of what she had said
here in private, and that's the issue, right?
Well, anyway, Dallas, on the subject of
Space today, right?  The thing about eh,
everyone has left Space.  That's what
bullies, scammers, and abusers are like:
cowards.  You confront them and they
run away.  Haha, I'm going to sleep with
a good laugh.  Ha ha ha.  I'm just saying, there are
some things coming up.  In a year or two
we'll be laughing too much.  Don't
worry.  It's hilarious how they all
end up convicted or in jail.  I'm leaving
happy.  This doesn't mean that
everyone is going to end up in jail or anything like
that.  What this means
is that Dala is filing lawsuits,
complaints, and a lot of other
things.  Uh, Victoria, I'm not going to say it
exactly like that.  I won't say it.  That's one
thing I had.  That's something I've
kept to myself.  Victoria is
able to defend Raimito if he revives.
They are literally being Raimito.
They literally have the same posture that
Raimito had.  And now after all,
notice that there was even a conversation.
Raimito was here years later and
was with Dala Raimito years later.
Well, now these people appear
with their balls.  Well, we're
following Raimito's stance, as if
they were the ones who were going to
discover America.  Hey, Victoria, that
would have been good to answer
at one of those times.  The thing is, I did
n't do it, but well, I
have that stored there, but that's not
the strongest thing I have, right?  It is strong
because it is fabric.  It's strong because it's
fabric, but it's not the
best.  What is this,
[Laughter]
eh, Georgio, man, if they continue on the
same path they are going, well it looks
like it, I don't know.  You have to have desire,
really.  You have to have desire.
[Music]